Add Riot.js (#596)
webcomponents/custom-elements-everywhere: libraries/riot/meta/summary.md

<h4 id="riot-handling-data">Handling data</h4>

> By default, Riot.js passes all data to Custom Elements as attributes. If any of the attributes is not a primitive Riot.js passes it down to the Custom Element as DOM node property <code>domNode.objectAttribute = anObjectAttribute</code>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Riot.js passes all primitive data (strings, numbers, booleans) to Custom Elements as attributes. It passes complex data (Objects, Arrays) to Custom Elements as properties.
```

Tried to rephrase this a bit to simplify it.

Author: Thank you it makes sense.
